---
nav: about
title: "About"
---

## Our Idea Worth Sharing

In the autumn of 2008, Kunal Amin, a final year student at the University of
Warwick, decided to approach TED about organising an event at the University
itself. Since the request coincided with the developmental stages of the TEDx
initiative, it was granted, and Warwick hosted one of the very first TEDx-like
events in February 2009. Since then TEDxWarwick has been held every spring,
growing in scale and depth year-on-year. Having been held in lecture theatres
in 2010 and 2011, our main conferences since 2012 have been held in the
internationally renowned Butterworth Hall, located in the Warwick Arts Centre.

The team began a number of new initiatives; for the first time, smaller events
known as TEDx Salons were hosted throughout the year. TEDxWarwick City 2.0 was
held in October 2012, TEDxYouth@Warwick in November 2012, and TEDxWarwickED--
focused on education--was held in February 2013. Other firsts for TEDxWarwick
included opening of speaker applications to the general public in 2013, and
hosting our first student salon in 2017, giving those with an idea worth
spreading a chance to take the stage at our events.

#### 2019: Moving Ahead

The 2019 organising team is led by two main coordinators and comprised of seven
sub-teams: Content, Marketing, Corporate Relations, Creative, Technical,
Publications and Operations, each fully dedicated to making TEDxWarwick 2019 a
resounding success. The TEDxWarwick Licensee for 2019 is Ken Punter, staff at
the University of Warwick.

<section id="about-ted">
### Who is this guy, TED?

In the spirit of ideas worth spreading, TEDx is a program of local,
self-organised events that bring people together to share a TED-like
experience. At a TEDx event, TEDTalks video and live speakers combine to spark
deep discussion and connection in a small group. These local, self-organised
events are branded TEDx, where x = independently organised TED event. The TED
Conference provides general guidance for the TEDx program, but individual TEDx
events are self-organised. (Subject to certain rules and regulations.)

#### About TED
TED is a nonprofit organisation devoted to Ideas Worth Spreading. Started as a
four-day conference in California 26 years ago, TED has grown to support those
world-changing ideas with multiple initiatives. At TED, the world's leading
thinkers and doers are asked to give the talk of their lives in 18 minutes.
Talks are then made available, free, at TED.com. TED speakers have included
Bill Gates, Jane Goodall, Elizabeth Gilbert, Sir Richard Branson, Benoit
Mandelbrot, Philippe Starck, Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, Isabel Allende and former UK
Prime Minister Gordon Brown. Two major TED events are held each year: The TED
Conference takes place every spring in Long Beach, California (along with a
parallel conference, TEDActive, in Palm Springs), and TEDGlobal is held each
summer in Edinburgh, Scotland.

TED's media initiatives include TED.com, where new TEDTalks are posted daily;
the new TED Conversations, enabling broad conversations among TED fans; and the
Open Translation Project, which provides subtitles and interactive transcripts
as well as the ability for any TEDTalk to be translated by volunteers
worldwide.

TED has established the annual TED Prize, where exceptional individuals with a
wish to change the world are given the opportunity to put their wishes into
action; TEDx, which offers individuals or groups a way to host local,
self-organised events around the world; and the TED Fellows program, helping
world-changing innovators from around the globe to become part of the TED
community and, with its help, amplify the impact of their remarkable projects
and activities.

Information about
[TED's upcoming conferences](https://www.ted.com/attend/conferences). Follow
TED on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/TEDTalks) and
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/TED).
</section>
